deprecation notice (#4)
gnosischain/validator-node-dockerized: README.md

# DEPRECATED
> [!WARNING]  

> > Open Ethereum client is no longer supported. To spin up the Gnosis Chain validator please consider using the interactive guide provided in [documentation](https://docs.gnosischain.com/node/manual/).

Author: ```suggestion
> Open Ethereum client is no longer supported. To spin up the Gnosis Chain validator please use the [official documentation](https://docs.gnosischain.com/node/manual/).
```
